Documentation for DbUp-DatabaseMigrator

Assembled/Created by: Scott Miller (sxm77@psu.edu)
Date: 11/09/2020
Description: This .dll/.exe will execute .sql scripts that have been places in the application roots directories
			therefore providing the ability for SQL development to progress along with the front-end code as required.

>> dotnet .\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DatabaseMigration.dll -h
Usage:
  DatabaseMigration [options]

### Options: ###
  --server-instance <server-instance>    serverInstance		"AUDIOSLAVE\DEV"
  --database <database>                  database			"TestDB"
  --scripts-path <scripts-path>          scriptsPath		" " (left as a space but required for flexibility of using a different directory)
  --user <user>                          user				I wanted to leave user & password as an option in case we needed them but (cont.)
  --password <password>                  password			security uses Windows (trusted)
  --version                              Version Info		DbUp module version information
    
### Execution: ###
dotnet .\DatabseMigration.dll 
--server-instance "AUDIOSLAVE\DEV"
--database "TestDB"
--scripts-path " " 
--user "" (optional)
--password "" (optional)

### DbUp documentation: ###
https://dbup.readthedocs.io

### Reference material: ###
-- I used this example as the main structure, nearly copied completely. 
http://www.kamilgrzybek.com/database/using-database-project-and-dbup-for-database-management/

### Acknowledgements: ###
Rob Hudson (ask if email is OK) was consultant for a project in my department 
that I've kept in touch  and he provided an intial setup for a process he created. Of which,
I stole the param setup and some of the flags for data checks from. Thanks to him!


### .NET Dependecies: ###
- .net core v2.1
- dbup (v4.2)
- dbup-sqlserver (v4.2)

### Server Objects/Dependecies: ###
- Folders 
-- \PreDeployment  -- This folder would be for checking statuses, adding required data (ie. dbo.sqlproc), etc.
-- \Migrations -- This folder is for the main .sql scripts to Create/Alter/Delete objects. Any SQL changes.
-- \PostDeployment -- This folder is for things like Data swaps/inserts for new tables, testing/executing stored procs, data clean-up scripts, etc.
#### Warning ####
-- The Pre\Post-Deployment folders ARE NOT verified if run before. 
-- Meaning, if there is a .sql script in there it will run until it is removed.
-- This can obviously change but for initial setup they are not checked.

### SQL ###
## SQL Dependencies ##
- As of V1, there are no checks for if server, database, schemas exists (probably in future versions)
- [dbup] schema needs to exists on target database (--server-instance + --database) (I can/will check and create if not exists)

## SQL Objects ##
- dbup.Migrations (automatically generated by DbUp.)
--- CREATE TABLE [dbup].[Migrations] (
---    [Id]         INT            IDENTITY (1, 1) NOT NULL,
---    [ScriptName] NVARCHAR (255) NOT NULL,
---    [Applied]    DATETIME       NOT NULL,
---    CONSTRAINT [PK_Migrations_Id] PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED ([Id] ASC)
---);
-- It is for the "Journal" functionality and is automatically build (if all depenent objects exits).
-- This table is what is used to compare against the \Mirgations folders script name to see if that script has already
-- been executed before. If a record matching that .sql file name DOES NOT exists in dbup.Migrations, it will run.
-- If that exists, it will be skipped.

